Guys,
this software is still Beta Mode, but is a lot more Stable that Beta 1 or
Beta 1.1
Module Status:
--------------
- StatServ now is almost fully functional, although some of the stats might be
incorrect.
- Spam is working like a dream
- IcqServ now works, but is still under heavy development :)
- Services havn't even been touched
- version is a simple example of writting a Module

the module.txt file in the dl directory is a bit outdated. Use it for
reference only, but you want to find out more about the API (like specific
Function calls, etc) then look at the statserv module as it contains almost
all the Module API calls that are available. 

I've verified it works with Unreal 2.1.7 and higher, so there should be no
problems here. No one has come to us saying they want support for another
IRCD, so its still only Unreal.
it should work with Ultimate IRCD as well (based on Unreal and dreamforge)
it might work with Elite - But who is stupid enough to pay for a IRCD
nowdays anyway? (I bet Potvin isn't getting rich of that yet)

Bugs:
-----
Still a few lerking around in the code. I've been concentrating on the Icq
and Statserv modules of late, and have only been fixing bugs in the main
code as I find them. I havn't gone on a extensive Bug hunting mission
1. UMode support has been fixed up, but there is still one bug that I'm
thinking on how to solve a the moment
2. still a few memory leaks in the code somewhere, I'm slowly tracking them
down.
3. StatServ Daily commands are not correct
4. Other StatServ Statistics might be questionable :)


TODO:
-----
Hopefully for Beta3, the following will be done:
1. Bug fixes!
2. Updated Documentation. Some of the doco in this release was from version
1.1.2 and hasn't been updated with the latest information
3. if a NeoStats Bot gets killed, then Re-Init it automatically.
4. Have StatServ back to what it was in 1.1.2 with a few new Features :)
5. Get Shmads Modules updated and working with the Current version
(Currently HostServ, which can Change your Hostname automatically, and
LogServ, that logs Oper Kills, Splits etc on your network, and Mails (?) you
the log each day)
6. Portability. Shmad told me he would work on this. if it won't compile
on your platform, send a email to shmad@neostats.net

Currently, I expect that Beta 4 would be the last beta release before the
full 2.0 comes out. Beta 3 is going to be finishing off features and so on,
and beta 4 will be purely bug fixes and so on, no new features...

Questions and Comments can be droped to me at fish@dynam.ac or ICQ 556010 or
when I'm not travelling, you can sometimes find me at either
canada.global-irc.net or irc.dynam.ac

send me those bug reports!
 
Fish