Best file compression around: 'DEL *.*' = 100% compression
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
Programmers don't die, they just GOSUB without RETURN.
Programmer - A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects.
Real programmers don't document. 'If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.'
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
Why is 'abbreviation' such a long word?
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error...
A flying saucer results when a nudist spills his coffee.
For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.
Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
Don't be so open-minded your brains will fall out.
If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
Don't look back, they might be gaining on you.
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Look out for #1. Don't step in #2 either.
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Do witches run spell checkers?
Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.
Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.";
Dain bramaged.
Department of Redundancy Department
Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.
2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
C:\\WINDOWS C:\\WINDOWS\\GO C:\\PC\\CRAWL
C:\\DOS C:\\DOS\\RUN RUN\\DOS\\RUN
<-------- The information went data way --------
The Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding
The name is Baud......, James Baud.
BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!
Access denied--nah nah na nah nah!
C:\\ Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner.
Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..
Why doesn't DOS ever say 'EXCELLENT command or filename!'
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)
Backups? We don' *NEED* no steenking backups.
E Pluribus Modem
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny
A mainframe: The biggest PC peripheral available.
An error? Impossible! My modem is error correcting.
CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted: Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
A computer's attention span is as long as it's power cord.
11th commandment - Covet not thy neighbor's Pentium."
24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?
Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.
Windows: Just another pain in the glass.
SENILE.COM found . . . Out Of Memory . . .
Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?
Ultimate office automation: networked coffee."
RAM disk is *not* an installation procedure.
Shell to DOS... Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...
All computers wait at the same speed.
DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.
Press Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.
Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.
'640K ought to be enough for anybody.' - Bill Gates, 1981
DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
Hidden DOS secret: add BUGS=OFF to your CONFIG.SYS"
Press any key... no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.
REALITY.SYS corrupted: Reboot universe? (Y/N/Q)
Sped up my XT; ran it on 220v! Works greO?_~
Error reading FAT record: Try the SKINNY one? (Y/N)
Read my chips: No new upgrades!
Hit any user to continue.
2400 Baud makes you want to get out and push!!
I hit the CTRL key but I'm still not in control!
Will the information superhighway have any rest stops?
Disk Full - Press F1 to belch.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (T)hrowup
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
(A)bort, (R)etry, (T)ake down entire network?
(A)bort, (R)etry, (G)et a beer?
Lamers Of The World Unite (It's Easier To Kill You All At Once That Way)
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast. The mime next door went nuts.
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that considered a hostage situation?
Just think how much deeper the ocean would be if sponges didn't live there.
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
Whatever happened to Preparations A through G?
I went for a walk last night, and my kids asked me how long I'd be gone. I said, 'The whole time.'
So what's the speed of dark?
How come you don't ever hear about gruntled employees? And who has been diss-ing them anyhow?
After eating, do amphibians need to wait an hour before getting OUT of the water?
The journey of a thousand miles begins with  a broken fan belt and a  leaky tire. 
No one is listening until you fart. 
Always remember you're unique. Just like  everyone else. 
Never test the depth of the water with both  feet. 
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving  is not for you. 
Don't squat with your spurs on. 
If you tell the truth, you don't have to  remember anything. 
Some days you are the bug, some days you  are the windshield. 
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first  time. 
Timing has an awful lot to do with the  outcome of a rain dance. 
A closed mouth gathers no foot. 
There are two theories to arguing with  women. Neither one works. 
Generally speaking, you aren't learning  much when your mouth is  moving. 
Experience is something you don't get  until just after you need  it. 
Never miss a good chance to shut up. 
We are born naked, wet, and hungry. Then things get worse. 
Home is where you can say anything you like 'cause nobody listens to you anyway.
I live in my own little world, but it's ok, they know me here
When you stop believing in Santa Claus is when you start getting clothes for Christmas!
I don't have a big ego, I'm way too cool for that.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
After all is said and done, usually more is said than done.
I married my wife for her looks...but not the ones she's been giving me lately!
Everyday I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I've stayed alive.
Give your son a hint. On his room door put this sign: CHECKOUT TIME IS 18.
How come we choose from just two people for president and 50 for Miss America?
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Isn't having a smoking section in a restaurant like having a peeing section in a swimming pool?
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
I earn a seven-figure salary. Unfortunately, there's a decimal point involved.
Every time I walk into a singles bar I can hear Mom's wise words: 'Don't pick that up, you don't know where it's been.'
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may make you think you are whispering when you are not.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol is a major factor in dancing like an asshole.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may cause you to thay shings like thish.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may leave you wondering what the hell happened to your pants.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol is the leading cause of inexplicable rug burns on the forehead.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may lead you to believe you are invisible.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are laughing WITH you.
WARNING: Consumption of alcohol may actually CAUSE pregnancy.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm
Drink 'till she's cute, but stop before the wedding
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines
Early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
I'm not cheap, but I am on special this week
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol
I intend to live forever - so far, so good
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
If you ain't makin' waves, you ain't kickin' hard enough!
Mental backup in progress - Do Not Disturb!
Mind Like A Steel Trap - Rusty And Illegal In 37 States
Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Televangelists: The Pro Wrestlers of religion.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
If I worked as much as others, I would do as little as they.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...
24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ...coincidence?
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!
If you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
I poured Spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Join the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
Wear short sleeves! Support your right to bare arms!
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.
OK, so what's the speed of dark?
Corduroy pillows: They're making headlines!
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
All those who believe in psychokinesis raise my hand.
Excuses are like a#@es everyone's got em and they all stink.
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some just don't have film.
A day without sunshine is like... night.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.
When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular.
Nothing is foolproof to a sufficiently talented fool.
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
Just remember...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
It is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them.
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population.
The things that come to those who wait are usually the things left by those who got there first.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
It was recently discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
I wished the buck stopped here, as I could use a few.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
If you take an Oriental person and spin him around several times, does he become disoriented? 
If people from Poland are called Poles, why aren't people from Holland called Holes? 
Why do we say something is out of whack? What the hell is whack? 
Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery? 
If a pig loses its voice, is it disgruntled? 
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular? 
When someone asks you, 'A penny for your thoughts, and you put your two cents in, what happens to the other penny?'
Why is the man who invests all your money called a broker? 
Why do croutons come in airtight packages? Isn't it's just stale bread to begin with? 
When cheese gets it's picture taken, what does it say? 
Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist, but a person who drives a race car is not called a racist? 
Why are a wise man and a wise guy opposite things? 
Why do overlook and oversee mean opposite things? 
Why isn't 11 pronounced 'onety one'? 
'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the LONGEST? 
If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow that electricians can be delighted, musicians denoted, cowboys deranged, models deposed, tree surgeons debarked, and dry cleaners depressed? 
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge, would they call it Fed UP? 
Do Lipton Tea employees take coffee breaks? 
What hair colour do they put on the drivers licenses of bald men? 
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered, what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks? 
Why do they put pictures of criminals up in the Post Office? What are we supposed to do, write to them? Why don't they just put their pictures on the postage stamps so the mailmen could look for them while they delivered the mail? 
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for? 
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive. 
No one ever says, 'It's only a game', when their team is winning. 
Ever wonder what the speed of lightning would be if it didn't zigzag? 
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose? 
Whatever happened to Preparations A through G? 
If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from? 
If Men Truly Ran The World - Telephones would cut off after 30 seconds of conversation.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Breaking up would be a lot easier. A smack on the butt and a 'Nice hustle, you'll get 'em next time' would pretty much do it.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Birth control would come in ale or lager.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Valentine's Day would be moved to February 29th so it would only occur in leap years.
If Men Truly Ran The World - St. Patrick's Day would be celebrated every month.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Garbage would take itself out.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Instead of 'beer-belly', you'd get 'beer-biceps'.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Tanks would be far easier to rent.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Two words... 'Ally McNaked.'
If Men Truly Ran The World - People would never talk about how fresh they felt.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Daisy Duke shorts would never go out of style again.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Every man would get four real Get Out of Jail Free cards per year.
If Men Truly Ran The World - The victors in any athletic competition would get to kill and eat the losers.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Nodding and looking at your watch would be deemed as an acceptable response to 'I love you.'
If Men Truly Ran The World - The funniest guy in the office would get to be CEO.
If Men Truly Ran The World - 'Sorry I'm late, but I got wasted last night', would be an acceptable excuse for tardiness.
If Men Truly Ran The World - Hallmark would make 'Sorry, what was your name again?' cards.
The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
I Work Hard Because Millions On Welfare Depend on Me!
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
I used to have a handle on life, but it broke.
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive.
WANTED: Meaningful overnight relationship.
You're just jealous because the voices only talk to me.
BEER: It's not just for breakfast anymore.
I got a gun for my wife, best trade I ever made.
So you're a feminist...Isn't that cute!
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Earth is the insane asylum for the universe.
To all you virgins, thanks for nothing.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
My kid had sex with your honor student.
Earth first...we'll mind the other planets later.
I'm just driving this way to piss you off.
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.
I don't have to be dead to donate my organ.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather...not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
God must love stupid people, he made so many.
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
It IS as BAD as you think, and they ARE out to get you.
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
It's lonely at the top, but you eat better.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
I know what you're thinking, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
Elvis is dead, and I'm not feeling too good myself.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes.
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
CAT ~ The Other White Meat!
Beer ~ The Reason I Get Up Each Afternoon!
I Must Be a Proctologist Because I Work With So Many Assholes!
I'm Out Of Bed And Dressed; What More Do You Want?
Remember My Name ~ You'll Be Screaming It Later.
Welcome To Shit Creek ~ Sorry, We're Out of Paddles!
If You Think I'm A Bitch, Wait Until You Meet My friend.
I can only please one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow is not looking good either.
I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by.
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Accept that some days you are the pigeon and some days the statue.
Needing someone is like needing a parachute. If he isn't there the first time, chances are you won't be needing him again.
I don't have an attitude problem, you have a perception problem.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky, and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling?
My reality check bounced.
On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.
I don't suffer from stress. I am a carrier.
You are slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons, because you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level, then beat you with experience.
A pat on the back is only a few centimetres from a kick in the butt.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you did before.
The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
If it wasn't for the last minute, nothing would get done.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
Following the rules will not get the job done.
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, 'How would the Lone Ranger handle this?'
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any.
There are two kinds of pedestrians--the quick and the dead.
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
If quitters never win, and winners never cheat, then who is the fool who said 'Quit while you're ahead'?
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
Jury - Twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Before marriage, a man yearns for the woman he loves. After marriage, the 'Y' becomes silent.
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
Definition of Atheism: a non-prophet organization.
It takes 116 muscles to climax, but only 17 to smile. (But who cares?)
Oral sex is a great way to firm the lower face. (For whom?)
After 16 steady hours of sex, it is wise to check your insurance policy.
'Where am I?' should not be considered an abnormal response to immense orgasm.
Men who experience difficulty with insertion should see a guidance counselor.
Too much arousal can bring on a hard-attack.
You know that you've had too much sex when your life begins to flash before your eyes.
You know I've had too little sex when my partner begins to flash before my eyes.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and in demand.
Good sex can correct poor posture, or at least make it stand up straight.
Thirty percent of our body heat escapes through the head (wear a hat during sex).
Sex on an inclined surface (an anthill, for example) builds endurance.
The length of an orgasm is usually anywhere from three to eleven seconds or four to seven feet.
1970 FDA approves spray-on Vaseline.
To prevent bedsores, oil the sheets.
Maintenance tip for massages: change the oil every 10,000 strokes.
Sexual survival depends on knowing the difference between a birthmark and a rash.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set. 
A day without sunshine is like, night. 
On the other hand, you have different fingers. 
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory. 
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving isn't for you. 
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name. 
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges. 
Honk if you love peace and quiet. 
Remember, half the people you know are below average. 
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool. 
Atheism is a non-prophet organization. 
He who laughs last, thinks the slowest. 
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm. 
When everything's coming your way, chances are you're in the wrong lane. 
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. 
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism. 
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks. 
No one is listening until you make a mistake. 
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread. 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research. 
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life. 
Two wrongs are only the beginning. 
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up. 
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 
Change is inevitable except from vending machines. 
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow. 
Two wrongs may not make a right; but two Wrights made an airplane. 
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments. 
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Virginity like bubble, one prick, all gone.
Man who run in front of car get tired.
Man who run behind car get exhausted.
Man with hand in pocket feel cocky all day.
Foolish man give wife grand piano, wise man give wife upright organ.
Man who walk through airport turnstile sideways going to  Bangkok.
Man with one chopstick go hungry.
Man who scratch ass should not bite fingernails.
Man who eat many prunes get good run for money.
Baseball all wrong: man with four balls cannot walk.
Panties not best thing on earth but next to best thing on earth.
War does not determine who is right, war determine who is left.
Wife who put husband in doghouse soon find him in cat house.
Man who fight with wife all day get no piece at night.
It take many nails to build crib, but one screw to fill it.
Man who drive like hell, bound to get there fast.
Man who stand on toilet, high on pot.
Man who live in glass house should change clothes in basement.
Man who fish in other man's well often catch crabs.
Man who fart in church sit in pew.
Crowded elevator smell different to midget
You - Off my planet.
Not the brightest crayon in the box now, are we?
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
And your crybaby whiny opinion would be...
I'm not crazy, I've just been in a very bad mood for 30 years.
Allow me to introduce my selves.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
I'm just working here until a good fast-food job opens up.
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you weren't asleep.
I can't remember if I'm the good twin or the evil one.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
You say I'm a witch like it's a bad thing.
Can I trade this job for what's behind door #2?
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
Chaos, panic, and disorder-my work here is done.
Earth is full. Go home.
Is it time for your medication or mine?
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
