ICQServ 1.0 Beta 1 
------------------

Welcome to the first Public Beta of ICQServ. Its still work in progress, but
it does have some basic functionality built into it. 

This Module is now being distributed with the core NeoStats software.

Installation!
-------------

You have to enable it at build time, so you should use the following
configure option --enable-icq.

Currently, you have to use a already existing ICQ UIN number. If you want
a ICQ user specifically for your network, then register a new User using
your normal ICQ client. Make sure you take note of the UIN and password. You
should also setup any details (like Descriptions, etc) now as well.

Once you have created a new UIN, edit stats.cfg and place your UIN and
password in the required fields. you may also want to find a ICQ server that
is closer to you than the one that is listed. If you want ICQServ to load
when you run NeoStats at boot time, then make sure you also uncomment the
"LOAD_MODULE icqserv" line.

Operation
---------

Currently, there are only 2 commands supported from IRC (the help isn't done
yet, so just ignore the Help messages!)

for Normal Users:
/msg icqserv send <uin> <message>
send a message from Irc to the ICQ UIN. No Comfirmation is given to you that
the message was successfully delievered.

for Coders (+1):
/msg icqserv debug
Changes the ammount of Information sent to the Services Channel.

When ICQServ starts, no bot will join the Services Channel until it has
successfully joined the ICQ network. if its not joining the Channel, check
your uin and password. More debuging information is planned for future
versions to help you out here :)

You can also Send messages to IRC users from ICQ. its simple :)
just in your message type "send <nick> <message>"
Currently the nick is Case sensitive, that will be fixed in future versions
as well

TODO:
-----
A lot!
- Have a database of nicks to UIN's, so you can /msg icqserv send fish
hello would look up my UIN and then send it over.... this would require
users to register there UIN with icqserv.
- Ignore Support.... have a Ignore List of UIN's that particular users on
IRC don't want to recieve messages for. 
- Ban Support - A list of UINs that messages are not  allowed to be sent to.
- Self Registration. Unconfigured ICQServ can automatically register a new
UIN on the icq network. (maybe)
- Flood Support. Stop users flooding ICQ users (or Visa Versa) with
messages.

CONTACT:
--------
Do you like ICQServ? got a question? Just want to say "Hi". I can be reached
at fish@dynam.ac, or UIN 556010. I also hang out on irc.global-irc.net or
irc.dynam.ac when I'm not in foriegn countries :)

